SPCTR-3639: Improvement -  Inherit from theme secondary button option support for Astra child themes. (#3731)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Improvement: Buttons - Added Inherit from theme secondary button option for Astra child themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improvement: Buttons - Handled the Inherit-from-theme secondary-button option for Astra child themes.
```

Author: Updated.
